Xu Bingyan was abducted and sold to Fengmen Village
Married to a farmer named Xu Daniu
This Xu Daniu is afraid that he will escape
Locked Xu Bingyan at home with an iron curtain
A lock is 6 years
6 years later, Xu Bingyan gave birth to the Fengjia tree
Perhaps he felt that his life
To live in humiliation like a dog
Who knows, fate has ushered in a turning point
how
Xu Bingyan's father and brother
Find out his whereabouts
So he was going to Fengmen Village to save him
Xu Bingyan just kindled hope of rebirth
Who knew a bigger tragedy would happen?
The villagers of Fengmen Village discovered that they were fighting unusually
Xu Bingyan looked at his father helplessly
And brothers were beaten to death
You are so hateful, these villagers
How dare they take human life without anyone caring?
In those days, the countryside was very chaotic
I often
I heard the elderly at home say similar things
No wonder Xu Jun banquets himself
How much despair and resentment do you have?
To make such a determination
The last time my son bought himself poison
An innocent child
Miss Yuqing
I've checked that you stole my tea
More than 5,000 people died before
In addition to watching your live stream
There is one more thing in common
What do they have in common?